countless people rely on their pensions
to pay for their expenses they paid into
a system and now they want to be able to
reap the rewards but it doesn't always
work that way sometimes things go
missing other times things turn sour
with pensions it's a very serious issue
for the individual you came here for the
truth today we are going to focus
entirely on the Kentucky pension funds
let's get into it right away this is a
proposal brought to the Kentucky
government it's directly on their
website and I want to note that this is
not official legislation yet they have a
very serious problem they have to fix
that problem this is one of the
proposals it will be something like this
I assure you it's just a matter of time
they wouldn't be the first and why there
are they doing this because they have a
shortfall let's get into that focus on
the chart on the right hand side and you
will see the worst funded pension ratios
aggregate of state liabilities Kentucky
congratulations you're in 50th that's
right
at 37.4% Kentucky makes it to the number
50 spot that's worse than New Jersey
Illinois Connecticut and Rhode Island
even the average at 73% is not enough it
needs to be 100% funded you can't do
this the bank's believe in fractional
reserve banking and yet you have the
pensions doing the same thing people
have been paying into the pensions every
single day of their lives as they
working they're paying in paying in and
they expect that there's something
waiting for them on the other side they
rely on that it's literally life and
death for some people it's the
difference between sleeping in their
house or sleeping on the street 37% it
has already gone far beyond critical
levels we are talking about a issue that
will
ought to be resolved unless unless there
are cutbacks whoa did I just suggest
that because I see that I'm being called
every name in the book look at the
comment section and you will see all the
names and you will see the lies spoken
about yours truly but I don't care I'll
be ridiculed because I'm there to do my
best to shine the light on these crises
the pension crisis is here today it's
not going to be in the future it's here
today people are losing out on their
pensions now I believe that people
shouldn't even rely on their pensions to
begin with I am NOT a fan of these but
there are people that are relying on
them and that's just a matter of fact so
we have to stand up for that we have to
do what we can the yell as loud as we
can to make sure that people know what's
coming for them okay this is a very
important article let me cover it as
quickly as possible huge pension changes
I love that changes we all know what
that means proposed for Kentucky's
public workers okay let me just cover a
few points within this an independent
consultant riemeck recommended sweeping
changes to the pension systems that
cover most of Kentucky's public workers
creating the possibility that lawmakers
will cut payments here we go cut
payments to existing retirees and force
the most current and future hires into a
401k style retirement plan I talked
about those in my book I've talked about
them on my videos you don't want
anything to do with that okay you don't
want anything to do without any of this
anyway but think about this a person
right here he's been retired for ten
years he can't work anymore he is you
know perhaps he's elderly he is probably
not in the best condition he's let's say
75 years old and he's been living off
this pension and that's what's keeping
him afloat so he makes let's just make
up some numbers here $1,000 a month
that pays for everything and he's able
to save let's say a hundred dollars a
month okay so he has that $100 of
savings in the in the bank agos there
maybe he gives a little bit to his
children her grandchildren or what have
you and so there he is doing what he has
to do now all of a sudden the Kentucky
pension starts paying out $800 well
that's a problem actually in this
example he's gonna get 750 and I'll tell
you why in a moment so 750 so what
happens now
well he is now digging into debt every
single month month after month after
month he has to dig deeper and deeper
and deeper so maybe he downsizes his
home maybe he has to sell off his car if
he still has one or does he even own the
home who knows all I know is that people
are on pensions may not be doing that
well so they have to go on to the
government assistance and that is a big
big problem people don't do well on that
you know that I mean it's some people do
it even though they perhaps are abusing
the system but nobody's living well off
that or at least most people aren't you
don't want that you don't want to see
that happen and if you believe that
somehow cutting back on the pensions is
necessarily going to fix the problem
that's not how it works what happened to
the money where did it go the stock
market is rising the stock market
continues to rise we see that even with
all the situations that are going on in
the news recently let's not say any
names a few major issues the stocks just
they don't care they just go up as long
as Janet the felon is there everything
is good so what can we do what can we do
about the shortfall that we are
experiencing well this is the time to
it's not the time to kick the can down
the road wait a second let's see what
they've suggested it would effectively
end the promise of a pension check for
most of Kentucky's future state and
local government workers and freeze the
pension benefits and most current state
and local workers think about that so
you may not get one in the future even
though the people before you did as well
as the fact that the people who are
supposed to be getting it now are going
to get less all of these workers would
then be shifted into a 401k style
investment plan garbage that offers
defined employer contributions rather
than defined the retirement benefit so
of course this is just another way for
the banking establishment to make more
profit all right and they said that the
retirement age should be 65 so whatever
it is that now it's going to increase 65
won't be enough because by the time he
gets there then it's 67 then at 17 and
71 then it's not and so on the 401k
style plans would require mandatory I
love that employee contribution of 3%
then it goes on basically says everyone
puts in a little bit for you you have to
put in a little bit and that's what I
hate most about it and they do this
because supposedly people can't say for
themselves so when they're 65 they
didn't save a dime they're going to have
to come to the government and they're
going to have to get money but you want
them to have some payout so you
basically say look but from your 25 to
time you're 65 you're paying into the
system for 40 years and you will then at
the end of that for the however long
you're living you're going to get a
little bit of money coming to you every
month that's wonderful however these
people that have been paying in for 40
years all of a sudden now instead of
getting that thousand dollars
they're getting 750 but what happened
the stock market didn't go down their
contributions didn't go down they
already paid but they're getting 750
they are being screwed over royally and
I'm not even like I said let me remind
you I'm not for pensions I'm not for any
of these 401 k's i'm not for any of this
i'm just talking about the people that
are being hurt by this this is really
bad because they're not the only ones
look at all of the others that i showed
you in that chart their states i can't
afford it the public workers that are
relying on it are going to be in big
trouble let me just stop ranting here
for say based on what they're
recommending here taking away all all
cost-of-living benefits that the state
and local government retirees receives
between 96 and 2012 a move that could
significantly reduce the monthly checks
for example a worker who was retired in
2001 or before could see their benefit
rolled back by 25% or more 1/4 1/4 what
if you as an individual if your paycheck
at your work you work on 9:00 to 5:00
and they're paying you that $1,000 a
month now you're making 750 are you able
to pay the rent are you able to pay your
food are you able to pay your living
expenses are you maybe maybe you got to
cut some things maybe you got a struggle
with some things but some people are
living paycheck to paycheck
some people are up to their chin in that
and this will crush them this will hurt
them and people do not realize that call
me every name in the book but I don't
care because there are people out there
who are not going to be dealing with
this very well trying to put it as nice
as possible
all right the state public pension
systems have a combined shortfall of at
least 37 billion dollars there's no way
there is no way they're going to be able
to somehow pay this back it's going to
take at least 30 years to satisfy these
obligations and it's going to be painful
it's not going to be fixed in the short
term of course not of course not if
they're not going to pay people that's
this is what I've been warning about for
years I've been talking about this for
years and yes I've been ridiculed that's
fine
look at me look look at Who I am
David Quinn theory I'm here to warn you
and I don't care if I'm ridiculed
because these people who are relying on
their pension funds who have been paying
into the system who have been paying
into the 401 KS who have been paying
into their rsps their supers they've
been paying into the paper assets their
segregated accounts they have money
that's being stored away and they think
that they're going to be able to get it
all back when the time comes and I'm
telling you right now that is not the
case you are going to get screwed over
to certain degrees
some people are worse than others but
you are going to get screwed over if
you're one of these people that's all
for this video if you found that
informative please give me a thumbs up I
wish my delivery was better I'm trying
to do my best I'm just trying to warn
people when I see something going on I
just pointed home I hope you appreciate
that I appreciate your support if you
found the video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS have
my new release global economic collapse
even more informative you can flip
through these books at Amazon the links
are in the description below or you can
actually take a look through the first
book the money GPS if that's basically
about the four asset classes and how to
profit from them whereas my new book is
a lot of the same issues but I get into
the money GPS strategy and that is
basically reducing your monthly expenses
your tax incentives and becoming
self-sufficient so check those out
and want to let everybody know I've been
diversifying out of this site you know
what I'm talking about can I say that
word
and I've been going on to steam it and
also on vid me so steam it you can check
that out if you're into cryptocurrencies
or not doesn't really matter d tube as
well so you can check those out
in the description below take care and
good night